Skip to content
Files
Commands
Search
Packager files
Config files
Implement enhanced duplicate detection during photo uploads, prompting user action
when dropzone -> bronze is processed i want to do duplicate detection via md5 hash but I also want to detection on like 100% visually identical files, my goal with this is to be able to detect cases where like metadata differs from a file that was aleady processed. part of the reason for this is i have several copies of my folders, some of them were changed with a photo editing app which changed some timestamps and geocoordinates, i want to ideally get back the OG record and if the non-OG record was imported have the option to overwrite the bronze file with the users choice of file, ie: the OG version, then mark it for reprocess to silver or something.

22 minutes ago
PM

pmetcalf85

51 messages & 52 actions
Let me also check the existing file processing and photo ingestion code to understand how files are currently handled:
Checkpoint made
14 minutes ago
Implement enhanced duplicate detection during photo uploads, prompting user action
Screenshot
Load preview
8 minutes of work
✓ Enhanced upload modal with comprehensive conflict resolution interface
✓ Added support for MD5 hash and perceptual hash duplicate detection
✓ Created conflict resolution dialog with detailed file comparison
✓ Implemented batch conflict resolution with user choice options
✓ Added visual indicators for different conflict types and similarity percentages

The enhanced duplicate detection system is now integrated into the upload process. Users can now:

Upload photos and automatically detect both exact duplicates (MD5) and visually identical files
Review conflicts in a detailed interface showing existing vs new files
Choose to keep existing, replace with new, or keep both files
Resolve multiple conflicts at once with batch processing
Would you like to test the upload functionality with some sample photos to see the duplicate detection in action?

Just now
PM

pmetcalf85
I can see you've shared a build error from the electron-builder process. The error indicates that the Windows MSI installer build is failing because it can't find the application icon reference Icon:PictallionIcon.exe. This is a common issue when the application icon isn't properly configured.

However, since our current focus is on the enhanced duplicate detection system we just implemented, let me first check if you'd like to test the upload functionality with the new conflict resolution interface, or if you'd prefer to address this build issue first.

The duplicate detection enhancement is now complete and ready for testing. We could:

Test the upload functionality with some sample photos to demonstrate the duplicate detection
Address the electron-builder icon configuration issue
Continue with any other enhancements to the duplicate detection system
Which would you prefer to focus on next?

Checkpoint made
just now
Address error during Windows build preventing successful application packaging
Screenshot
Load preview
9 seconds of work

Scroll to latest
Agent is ready

Message Agent…
/
Ready to share with the world?

7m
 • 
7 minutes ago
Port :5000 opened on
Database connected
8 tables
29.27MB/10GB
Schema	Name	Type	Owner	Size	Description
public	asset_history	table	neondb_owner	32 kB	
public	collection_photos	table	neondb_owner	16 kB	
public	collections	table	neondb_owner	16 kB	
public	faces	table	neondb_owner	72 kB	
public	file_versions	table	neondb_owner	64 kB	
New: Database Studio
Click "See my data" to launch the new Database editor. Modify, query, and visualize your data in an easy-to-use interface.
Docs
Powered by
Chats
Archived
cross platform app github release workflow setup
15 minutes ago
Product Feature Brainstorming Session
44 minutes ago
github actions release workflow troubleshooting
2 hours ago
Consolidating App Settings Sidebar and AI Options
15 hours ago
Settings Page Naming Pattern Save Issue
17 hours ago
project gallery photo tier management improvements
22 hours ago
github release creation steps
3 days ago
I want this app to be installable on mac/linux/windows and be able to do that with github workflows, ideally when i create a release it would generate them, I also need the workflows to be able to run that ensure the release phase will always work before i create a release so i dont waste time.

PM

pmetcalf85
Assistant
12 minutes ago
Looking at your codebase, I can see you already have a comprehensive GitHub Actions setup for releases! Let me analyze what you have and suggest improvements to ensure reliable desktop application builds.

Current State Analysis
You already have:

Release workflow (.github/workflows/release.yml) that builds for multiple platforms
CI workflow (.github/workflows/ci.yml) that runs tests and builds
Electron configuration in electron/main.js and package.json
Build scripts for packaging
However, I notice some issues that need fixing:

The release workflow references old file structures
Missing proper pre-release validation
Electron builder configuration needs updates
Fix the Release Workflow
.github/workflows/release.yml
Update release workflow for current project structure
Update Electron Builder Configuration
package.json
Update electron-builder configuration, Add electron build scripts
Create Pre-Release Validation Workflow
.github/workflows/pre-release-check.yml
Create pre-release validation workflow
Add Electron Build Scripts
Create Icon Files Directory
mkdir -p build
Usage Instructions
Now you have a complete setup:

Before creating a release, run the pre-release check:

Go to Actions → "Pre-Release Check" → "Run workflow"
Enter your planned version (e.g., v1.0.0)
This tests builds on all platforms without creating a release
To create a release:

# Use the existing create-release.sh script
./scripts/create-release.sh
OR manually:

git tag v1.0.0
git push origin v1.0.0
The release workflow will:

Validate the build
Create installers for Windows (.exe, .msi), macOS (.dmg), and Linux (.AppImage, .deb, .rpm)
Upload them to GitHub Releases
Note: You'll need to add an icon file at build/icon.png (512x512 PNG recommended) for the app icon.

can we use this for my build/icon.png?

PM

pmetcalf85
Assistant
5 minutes ago
Yes, absolutely! That's a perfect icon for Pictallion - the golden "P" coin design looks professional and fits well with the photo management theme. Let me save it as your build icon and also create the necessary directory structure for Electron builds.

mkdir -p build
build/icon.png
Add Pictallion icon for Electron builds
Perfect! This icon will now be used for:

Electron desktop app - The .dmg, .exe, and .AppImage installers will use this icon
macOS app bundle - Shows in the Applications folder and dock
Windows executable - Shows in the taskbar and file explorer
Linux AppImage - Shows in application menus
The icon has a professional golden coin design that's perfect for a photo management application. Your GitHub release workflow will automatically use this icon when building the cross-platform installers for Mac, Windows, and Linux.

The existing package.json build configuration already references "icon": "build/icon.png", so this will work immediately with your release workflow!

getting this error macos builds in release workflow

PM

pmetcalf85
Assistant
just now
The error is occurring because the electron-builder configuration in package.json has an incorrect structure for the mac.target property. According to the error message, configuration.mac.target is missing the required target property.

Looking at your current configuration, the mac.target is set to an array ["dmg", "zip"], but electron-builder expects a different format.

package.json
This change fixes the configuration by:

Proper target format: Each target now has the required target property
Architecture specification: Explicitly defines both x64 and arm64 architectures
Single target: Focuses on DMG as the primary macOS distribution format
The GitHub workflow already handles architecture-specific builds with separate matrix entries for x64 and arm64, so this configuration will work correctly with your existing release workflow.

Assistant automatically restarted your App after applying file changes. You can disable this behavior in 
.
Checkpoint made
Fix electron-builder mac target configuration
7 minutes ago
•

Scroll to latest
Assistant mode

advanced
Claude 4.0 Sonnet

Ask Assistant, use @ to include specific files...
Search for a workflow...
Learn more about configuring Workflows
Remote Updates
origin/main•upstream
last fetched 4 min ago
Nothing to pull or push
Commit
Summary of your commit...
1 changed file
Pasted-Run-if-win-mac-then-electron-builder-version-26-0-12-os-10-0-20348-artifacts--1753631269197_1753631269198.txt
Added
Committing will automatically stage your changes.
